ACHOO
You meant to surprise me, didn't you?
You are ready to marry me
You didn't even tell me?
If my friend hadn't asked me with the credit
I don't even know.
How about this surprise, do you like it?
Wow, I like it too.
When are we going to take wedding photos?
I know there are several good ones.
It's all up to you
Then I want the biggest and most luxurious wedding
It's bigger than the one you married Jiangnan three years ago
YANYAN
You trust me.
I will definitely give you the grandest one.
The most luxurious and unforgettable wedding of a lifetime
Can I move into Yujiangting?
Jiangnan should have moved out, right?
Madam, it's time to eat
Where is this and how am I here?
Madam, have you forgotten?
This is your new home with your husband
New house? Have we moved?
Why don't we remember this?
How about reserved?
Sir, I'm busy with work these days.
Said to see you in a few days
Why does it always feel like you've forgotten something?